feat(docs): docs up to date with master (#161)
cloudflare/wrangler: README.md

[![crates.io](https://meritbadge.herokuapp.com/wrangler)](https://crates.io/crates/wrangler)
[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/ashleygwilliams/wrangler/_apis/build/status/cloudflare.wrangler?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/ashleygwilliams/wrangler/_build/latest?definitionId=1&branchName=master)

## 🎙️ Commands

> `wrangler` is a CLI tool designed for folks who are interested in using Cloudflare workers.

Reviewer: Could we move this into the top-level (above "Commands") and make it slightly more declarative about what `wrangler` is? 

> `wrangler` is a CLI tool for developing and publishing applications with Cloudflare Workers.

Open to copy there, just generally think we could use a one-liner about _what_ wrangler is at the beginning of the README

  - ### 👯 `generate` 
    Scaffold a project, including boilerplate for a Rust library and a Cloudflare Worker.

>     You can pass a name and template to this command optionally. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can pass a `name`, `template`, and `type` to this command optionally. 
```

    ```
    wrangler generate <name> <template> --type=["webpack", "javascript", "rust"]
    ```

    All of the arguments and flads to this command are optional:
        - `name`: defaults to `worker`
        - `template`: defaults to the [`https://github.com/cloudflare/worker-template`](https://github.com/cloudflare/worker-template)
        - `type`: defaults to "webpack"

  - ### 🦀⚙️ `build`
    Build your project. This command looks at your `wrangler.toml` file and runs the build steps associated
    with the `"type"` declared there.

  - ### 🔬 `preview`
    Preview your project using the cloudflareworkers.com API.

    You can optionally pass `get` or `post` and a `body` to this command. This will send a request to your
    worker on the preview service and return the response in your terminal. For example:

    ```

>     wrangler preview post hello=hello

Reviewer: woah! TIL

    wrangler preview get // this is the default
    ```

  - ### ☁️ 🆙 `publish`

>     Publish your Worker to Cloudflare. This uses several keys in your `wrangler.toml` depending on whether

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Publish your application to Cloudflare Workers. This uses several keys in your `wrangler.toml` depending on whether
```

    you are publishing to a workers.dev subdomain or your own domain, registered with Cloudflare.

    ```
    wrangler publish
    ```

    This command will publish your worker to your workers.dev subdomain. If you have set `private: true` in
    your `wrangler.toml` it will not make it publicly available. If you have set `private: false` or not

>     set the `private` key, `publish` will make your worker available at `<project-name>.<subdomain>.workers.dev`.

Reviewer 2: For correctness I would change `private: true` to `private = true`. It also avoid the confusion with the private key in package.json.

1. Publish your project:

    To publish to a workers.dev subdomain:
    ```
    wrangler publish
    ```

    To publish to a domain you have registered with Cloudflare, add a `route` and a `zone_id` to your
    `wrangler.toml`. Then run:

    ```

>     wrangler publish --release

Reviewer: OK, neat – so my understanding of this update means that wrangler defaults to a `workers.dev` subdomain deploy, right? To do a zone deploy, you can use `wrangler publish --release`?

Reviewer: Is it possible to simplify this from a usability standpoint a bit based on what we know from `wrangler.toml`? If a `zone_id` is present, can we add the `--release` flag for the user so they don't have to work out which one to run themselves?

(If I'm totally misunderstanding the entire differentiation between these commands, let me know!)
